Update log_management.md (#4838)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/rbac/role_api.md

---

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> Ask your sales representative or customer success manager to have this feature enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ask your sales representative or customer success manager to enable this feature.
```
